docs(config) : Add some options for stats (#3984)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/stats.md

};
```

> T> If `entrypoints: 'auto'` is set then it is decided automatically if displaying of entrypoints make sense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `entrypoints` is set to  `'auto'`, webpack will automatically decided whether to display the entry points in the stats output.
```

};
```

### `stats.chunkGroupAuxiliary`

`boolean = true`

Display auxiliary assets in chunk groups.

```javascript
module.exports = {
  //...
  stats: {
    chunkGroupAuxiliary: false
  }
};
```

### `stats.chunkGroupChildren`

`boolean = true`

> Display children of chunk groups. (e. g. prefetched, preloaded chunks and assets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display children of chunk groups (e. g. prefetched, preloaded chunks and assets).
```
